Our Story
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The year was 2015. The place, Madison, WI. Minutes prior to the first lecture of Michael Graham's notorious Mass Transport Phenomena class, a spry lad was sitting in the back of the room waiting for class to start. The lad sat calm and collected awaiting the professor to open his mouth and class to commence. He waited idly. That is until a blonde light glimmered in his peripheral vision causing a belly full of cocoons to burst. In walked a blonde bombshell who immediately became the lad's sole focus the remainder of the hour.

The blonde bombshell is who you have come to know as Amanda Jackson. The aforementioned	lad, Mikey Soukup. That fateful morning many years ago was the moment that intertwined the lives of these two star crossed badgers. 

Since that destined morning, Mikey and Amanda have been inseperable. They found themselves working together at Bemis, in labs and project teams together, travelling to Vienna together, graduating together, starting careers in Minnesota together, living together, raising a puppy together, all in all, coming together.

On 8/27/2021, these two love badgers will take the next step in their journey as they declare themselves to each other for the rest of eternity. This date is not a milestone but rather a celebration of the effort that the couple has put in the last several years to blend their lives into one. They ask that you come and participate in that celebration as they continue to merge their lives and reap the rewards that come with a life full of love, devotion, family, and happiness. 

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Mikey and Amanda. That is what brought you here and what a tale these two have! They met while studying to become Chemical Engineers at Wisconsin and true to their chemical nature, what started as a strong friendship quickly catalyzed into something far greater.

The love Mikey and Amanda harbor is not fleeting nor common. Rather it has been forged through years of commitment and dedication to one another. It is a love that continues to develop new roots, while solidifying the old, with each new chapter of life they take on together. It is a love that has been time tested. Persevering through trials and tribulations all the while continuing to grow and never losing momentum. It is a love that has been nurtured. Not just by them, but by all of you. Their friends, family, parents, brothers, sisters, cousins, mentors, role models, and loved ones that showed them the way.

On 8/27/2021, these two love badgers will take the next step in their journey as they declare themselves to each other for the rest of their lives. This date is not a milestone but rather a celebration of the effort that the couple has put in the last several years to intertwine their lives into one. They ask that you come and participate in that celebration. Come to support and nurture them as they begin their lives as a married couple and with them, reap the rewards that come with a life full of love, devotion, family, and happiness. 
 

