I figured this discussion would be a perfect opportunity to debunk my "Master Strategy" at casinos.

My high school graduation and my brother's college graduation overlapped. To celebrate, my family and I went to the Bahama's because my parents were worried they would never see their kids again. Or celebrating the start of being empty nesters...?

Either way, the Atlantis casino is were I discovered my strategy for roulette. This was a trial and error process, where until about 15 minutes ago I thought I had the system figured out. 

I first started betting colors. Being a Badger, I am partial to red. My typical bet was $20 a spin. 

For further context, a typical roulette wheel has 38 pockets, 18 red, 18 black, and 2 green 0's. The payout for betting a color in roulette is 1:1.

[Enter red probability image]

In review, the chances of winning betting on red were 47.4% with an expected payout of -$1.04 per spin. 

What bucked me from this strategy was some untimely black pockets. As such, I quickly switched from most conservative roulette bet to the most risky. Betting individual numbers.

Roulette wheels have pockets for numbers 1-36, 0, and 00. My lacrosse number was 4, so that was the pocket I bet still putting down $20 chips with each spin (table minimum). The payout for this bet was 35:1.

[Enter 4 probability image]

It is interesting to note that the expected payout was similar to betting on red at -$1.05 per spin. But, as you can see the probability of winning here was only 2.63% and I wasn't playing the long game. I lost some money quick failing to hit any 4's so I quickly altered my strategy.

I started betting Dozens without changing my $20 increment
. Betting Dozens is where you bet between [1-12], [13-24], [25-36]. The payout for Dozens is 2:1. 

[Enter Dozens probability]

Alas, the probability of Dozens is only 31.6% with a nearly identical expected value of -$1.04 per spin compared to the other three strategies. It appears I did not have it figured out after all!

These events are all independent of one another. These events are independent because with each spin of the roulette wheel, the ball is randomly and chaotically flung about. There is no prior history retention of the ball to sway where it will land. The odds of any given result on any given spin are exactly the same. 

